[NrNk9YvB] Reshapes import and export sections (#3705)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/import/index.adoc

The APOC library adds support for loading and importing data from various data formats, including JSON, XML, and XLS.

> 
> * Loading data implies it is streamed into memory and can only be used in conjunction with other statements that are part
> of the same query (`CREATE`, `MATCH`, etc).
> * Importing data, on the other hand, will provoke it is stored into disk and can be consulted and manipulated later on using neo4j queries.

Reviewer: I am not really sure what this sentence means tbh, but yeah provoke can't be used.

Do you mean more like:

```suggestion

* Loading data implies it is streamed into memory and can only be used in conjunction with other statements that are part
of the same query (`CREATE`, `MATCH`, etc).
* Importing data, on the other hand, will also store the data to disk, which can then be consulted and manipulated later on using Cypher queries.
```

> * Importing data, on the other hand, will provoke it is stored into disk and can be consulted and manipulated later on using neo4j queries.

Reviewer 2: @ncordon You marked this is resolved, but did you fix it?

> * Importing data, on the other hand, will provoke it is stored into disk and can be consulted and manipulated later on using neo4j queries.

Author: I'd swear I had committed the file. Thanks for noticing
